
Possible TODOs:
    Make speed of light rotating/moving start off slow, then be fast, so that
    it's easier to move lights with precision

    Decide if the levels should be grid based. Pros:
        1. There will often be times when the player needs to know if they can
            reach a spot
        2. Makes levels easier to build
        3. Generally makes for less guessing for the player
    Cons:
        1. Less control over level building
        2. Less control over level visuals


    Make shadow edges have zero friction if they are a certain angle, in order
    to make it obvious when you can or can't climb them
        Give some visual indication you can climb them
        Like having steps? that might be interesting. Also confusing. Also hard to implement.

        If you combine this with the grid, you can make them climbable at 45
        degrees or more, and then make lights only be placeable on grid
        intersections, and then it is obvious to the player when they are climbable


I need to figure out what happens when a light compresses an object.
    Idea 1: the object breaks
    Idea 2: The object stops the light
        At what point does the light stop?
        When the object stops moving?


Idea:
    Make object be made of 4 colliders, one at each corner, held together by
    springs. This might be a good way to give visual feedback about crushing

    This may also be useful algorithmically, because you can tell to whwat
    degree an object is being crushed. A light can detect when it is crushing
    an object and act accordingly
    

Interaction
    How does the player interact with the world
    Idea: Various things are grabbable. Only one thing can be grabbed at a
    time. The current grabbed object will react to the players movements. For
    example:
        - When a lever is grabbed, the A and D keys make the lever go left or right
            The player also will hold on to the lever, even if the floor drops from below them
        - When a block is grabbed, the player will be able to move the block
        
